# Group 33
## meeting notes
##### May 14th, 2021 @ 4 AM PT 
​
### Attendance
* Jialu Sui
* Edward Tian
* Qianjun Li (Absent)
* Nada Galal 
* Long Tang
* Alexandre Marques
* Jiachen Ma
* Rong Zheng
* Siddharth Vohra
* Yuanzhe Liu
* Austin Choy 

​
### Agenda
* Discuss about the skeleton (Rong, Long, and Qianjun)
* [Component Edition Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TfkcRFMoOo7KHtZ6R6eYRBkQRWaDe7TppKGWtaRD_jo/edit?usp=sharing) 
* Add more features to the skeletion


### TODO 
Add features: 
1. More function components (linked to ids) 
2. Functional arrows (Pending)
3. +New entry button in menu (Jiachen) 
4. Navigation (HARD: make the calendar not independent on the board) (Nada, Austin and Jialu)
5. Database (HARD: need to know how to store the data; currently plan to store locally; API?) (Siddharth) 
6. Picture component (Edward and Yuanzhe) 
7. Icon picture desings (Austin, but pending)
8. TODO list component (doesn't involve date) (Siddharth) 

Check the brainstorm meeting notes / do the documentation  
CI/CD pipeline (Alexandre and Yuanzhe)


### Conclusion 
* Everyone who doesn't have a task works on a component in the TODO list. Task assigned. 
* Meet tommorrow 4am for team status and pipeline video