# Group 33
## Agile Sprint Review Meeting #2
##### May 29th, 2021 @ 5 AM PT
​
### Attendance
* Long Tang
* Nada Galal
* Yuanzhe Liu
* Austing Choy
* Jiachen Ma (absent)
* Edward Tian
* Alexandre Marques (absent)
* Siddharth Vohra (absent)
* Rong Zheng
* Qianjun Li
* Jialu Sui
​
### Agenda
* Austin leading the meeting (again)
* adding screenshots to [google drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11kw9aZrwbe0QdxEhgxHlAPMpwUsBmYfx?usp=sharing) until we collect them, then we're adding them to the gituhub (Jialu)
* Discussed what we have accomplished so far (while Jialu is adding proof screenshots)
* Answering this question individually: where do we stand on accomplishing individual tasks? 
  * Rong: finished transforming journal entry data into a dictionary. Jiachen is currently working on transforming dictionary data into a journal entry. probably finishing tonight. Jiachen will work on the new entry button after
  * Jialu: finished implementing the hide button + menu bar + putting the calendar inside the menu bar BUT hasn't pushed it yet because we are constructing a new skeleton (which Rong and Jiachen are working on). Talked with professor about storing images, sharing info with Edward and Yuanzhe for their task. [link](https://codebeautify.org/base64-to-image-converter)
  * Edward: adding the picture component isn't very easy so far, but currently working on it and learning about it. 
  * Austin: scheduling meeting with professor Powell 
  * Long: pretty much done completing the TODO list *YAY*
  * Yuanzhe: just working on the picture component with Edward
* Answering this question individually: how do you feel about our progress so far? and what worries you in our plan?
  * Austin: some challenges but definitely manageable
  * Nada: a slightly slower pace but feels good when someone says they accomplished something big! (eg the news that Long complete the TODO list)
  * Julian: worried about the database stuff because A LOT (pretty much all the tasks) depends on it. will contact Sidd to hopefully help and research this weekend. thinks we should at least finish the database and create a functional calendar by next week (week 10, and Nada agrees)
  * Jialu: thinks we're pretty good especially because it's due finals week not week 10
* all screenshots are in the github under admin/meetings/052921-sprint-2-review/

### Conclusion
* TODO
  * [ ] meeting with Paarth @9 AM today
  * [ ] have retrospective meeting on Monday @4 AM 
  * [ ] URGENT: database update from Siddharth
  * [ ] Jiachen and Rong finish updating the skeleton
  * [ ] [link](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/cvJgwjeB8od4dJHW7jJqa63Favum6OhDvGUEELZUkfni2Hk64schi9d7eHTGJ5YS) to the miro Nada and Jialu are adding BuJo design to
  * [ ] CI/CD 2 pages (Jialu and Nada)
​
