# Group 33
## meeting notes
##### June 3rd, 2021 @ 5 AM PT 
​
### Attendance
* Jialu Sui
* Edward Tian
* Qianjun Li
* Nada Galal 
* Long Tang
* Alexandre Marques
* Jiachen Ma
* Rong Zheng
* Siddharth Vohra
* Yuanzhe Liu
* Austin Choy 

​
### Agenda
* Picture component  
  * problem with `setData()` method
  * Austin met with the Professor: Prorfessor Powell recommends [this](https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_win_atob.asp) for encoding and decoding
* update from Siddharth on DB
  * pretty much done
  * we need a "save" button... or will we let it autosave?
  * decision to be made after research
* discussing the video assignments
  * Jialu and Nada will edit the 2 videos, each of them will edit one of the videos


### Done
* functional entry
* new entry button
* DB done
* clicknig on a date on the calendar directs to the corresponding journal entry



### TODO 
1. Jialu, Austin, and Nada on the theme (for settings too) and the help page 
2. Rong and Qianjun working on the text/simple paragraphs button
3. picture component is in progress
4. autosave / save button


​
### Decisions
* we will meet everyday until the due date (June 10th) at 5 AM. 

### Conclusion
next meetting will be on Friday, June 4th, 2021 @ 5 AM PT
