# Group 33
## meeting notes
##### June 4th, 2021 @ 5 AM PT 
​
### Attendance
* Jialu Sui
* Edward Tian (absent)
* Qianjun Li
* Nada Galal 
* Long Tang
* Alexandre Marques
* Jiachen Ma
* Rong Zheng
* Siddharth Vohra (absent)
* Yuanzhe Liu
* Austin Choy 

​
### Agenda
* Picture component check-in: done YAY!!!
* text component check in: work in progress! (Rong and Julian)
* Julian: updated some stuff in the DB to make it more neat.
* made some decisions related to the settings page. check ~/specs/adrs.
* Jialu, Nada, and Austin working on settings page (BuJo themes).


### Done
* picture component
* settings page brainstorming and decision-making



### TODO 
1. Jialu, Austin, and Nada to IMPLEMENT the settings page 
2. Rong and Qianjun (possibly Jiachen too) working on the text/simple paragraphs button
3. autosave / save button
4. Julian updating DB code

### Decisions
* check ~/specs/adrs

### Conclusion
next meetting will be on Friday, June 5th, 2021 @ 5 AM PT
